update install + ansible collection installation methods (#19)
cjnovak98/ocp4-disconnected-config: Install.md

## Prerequisites

### RHEL Install

**RHEL 9 Installation**: Install Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9 and register it with your Red Hat account.

>   > **NOTE:** If The goal is to have a fips enabled cluster, the bastion host also has to FIPS aswell. If you dont need fips, you can ignore the following configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **NOTE:** If the goal is to have a FIPS-enabled cluster, the bastion host has to be FIPS-enabled as well. If you don't need FIPS, you can ignore the following configurations.
```

      ```bash
      sudo dnf install -y ansible-core container-tools
      ```

### Automation

1. Clone this Repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/cjnovak98/ocp4-disconnected-config
```

2. Navigate to the Playbooks Directory:
```bash
cd ocp4-disconnected-config/playbooks
```

3. Install Required Ansible Collections( 1st time/connected system ): 

> **NOTE:** This will install [disconnected-collection](https://github.com/cjnovak98/ocp4-disconnected-collection) and should be run an a fresh system, when nothing else has been ran

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** This will install [disconnected-collection](https://github.com/cjnovak98/ocp4-disconnected-collection) and should be run on a fresh system, before anything else has been run.
```

### Run Content Gathering Playbook to Prepare Disconnected Environments:

> **NOTE:** Ensure A Valid Pull-Secret Exists. You can get your pull secret from [https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local](https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local) and store it in `~/.docker/config` of the host where you're running the automation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Ensure a valid pull secret exists. You can get your pull secret from [https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local](https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local) and store it in `~/.docker/config` on the host where you're running the automation. 
```

Once you have the content downloaded, transfer it to your disconnected machine and put in the content directory (i.e. /pods/content)

> ### Install the collection on a Disconnected machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install the Collection on a Disconnected Machine
```

> Install Required Ansible Collection from the previous step: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install required Ansible Collection from the previous step: 
```

> You can get your pull secret from [https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local](https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local) and store it in `~/.docker/config` of the host where you're running the automation. 

Reviewer 2: Might also be good to put this before you run gather-content, since it is a pre-requisite to this.

### Install the collection on a Disconnected machine

Install Required Ansible Collection from the previous step: 

>  **NOTE:** This will install need the media to be mounted, and the group bars set.

Reviewer 2: Minor spelling errors. "bars" instead of "vars", and the initial sentence has some grammar that could be corrected.

Also, it might be a good idea to provide the names of the vars that will need to change, with an example?
